# 19/2/20
## Dictation
  Huh, but somebody there had the brilliance to test a human riding \*a bicycle. Blew away the ~~countdoor~~ <font color="#dd0000">condor</font>, all the way off the chart<font color="#dd0000">s</font>. And I remember, this really had an impact on me. ~~I…~~ I,<font color="#dd0000">re-</font>, really remembered \*this, that humans are tool builders. And we build tools that can dramatically amplify our innate human abilities. And, ~~to…~~ to me, <font color="#dd0000">we-</font> we actually ~~act~~ <font color="#dd0000">ran an ad like this very early at</font> ~~like to~~ Apple. <font color="#dd0000">that, the, the</font> ~~The~~ personal computer was the bicycle ~~in~~ <font color="#dd0000">of the</font> mind. And I believe that ~~was~~  <font color="#dd0000">with</font> every ~~born~~ <font color="#dd0000">bone</font> in my body, that, that of all the inventions of humans, the computer, is going to rank near if not at the top as history \*enfloats <font color="#dd0000">unfolds</font> if we look back. And it is the most awesome tool that we have ever invented.  
## New words and phrases
1. blow away  
	* to dissipate or remove as if with a current of air  
    Their doubts were blown away
	* to kill by gunfire : shoot dead
	* to impress very strongly and usually favorably
	* to defeat soundly  
    Blew their rivals away in the first game  
2. off the charts  
爆表了  
	* quite a lot more or better than is usual or was expected.  
    Our electricity bill was off the charts last month! How could we be using that much energy?
	* especially or unbelievably great, wonderful, exciting, etc.  
    I'm telling you, that concert is going to be off the charts!  
3. condor  /'kɑn.dɔr/   
秃鹫  

## Notes  
1. 两个re始终听的是两个I。  
2. ran an ad like this very early at中very early at没太听清。  
3. with every bone in my body总是听成was every bone in my body.
  