# 19/2/28
## Dictation  
I'm Bob ~~Queenzly~~ Cringely. Sixteen years ago, when I was making my television series ~~《trying for~~ Triumph of the nerds~~》~~, I interviewed Steve Jobs. That was in 1995. Ten years earlier, Steve had left Apple, \*following a ~~browsing~~ bruising struggle with John ~~Scolly~~ Sculley, the CEO he brought into the company. At the time of our interview, Steve was running ~~next~~ NeXT, the \*niche computer company he founded after leaving Apple. Little did we know that within 18 months that he would sell ~~next~~ NeXT to Apple. And six monthns later, he'd be running the place.  
## New words and phrases  
* triumph /ˈtraɪʌmf/  
	* [countable, uncountable] a great success, achievement or victory  
    one of the greatest triumphs of modern science  
    triumph over somebody/something  
    It was a personal triumph over her old rival.  
	* [uncountable] the feeling of great satisfaction or joy that you get from a great success or victory  
    a shout of triumph
	* [singular] a triumph (of something) an excellent example of how successful something can be  
    Her arrest was a triumph of international cooperation.
* niche /niːʃ/
	* a comfortable or suitable role, job, way of life, etc.  
    He eventually found his niche in sports journalism.
	* (business) an opportunity to sell a particular product to a particular group of people    
    They spotted a niche in the market, with no serious competition.
	* a small hollow place, especially in a wall to contain a statue, etc., or in the side of a hill  
    The niche was just big enough to hold two small candles.  
* bruising  
	* aggressively antagonistic; hurtful  
    In a bruising battle or encounter, people fight or compete with each other in a very aggressive or determined way.  
    four months of bruising negotiation
* struggle with  
	* to fight, especially with your hands  
    He struggled with his attacker who then ran away.
	* to use a lot of effort to defeat someone, prevent something, or achieve something
    For years she struggled with/against the establishment to get her theories accepted.
    
## Notes  
我回来继续听写了！  
of弱读为/əv/后，和前面的triumph结尾连在一起，听着特别像for。。。但是意思说不通，而且对triumph的发音太不熟了，听不出来。  
niche company就是指专门做某一领域，某种产品的公司。 
following听的时候不太确定，一开始觉得是following，后来听着听着觉得也有点像falling。  
第一次知道struggle with还可以表示和人敌对，还是得积累呀。
bruising还有强烈的敌对的意思。  
NeXT不知道是公司名，虽然听发音是这个词，但是到后面sell NeXT to Apple，就没反应过来是什么意思，如果表示公司名的话，上下文意思就说的通了。  