# 19/2/23
## Dictation

## New words and phrases  
1. caret /ˈkærət/  
字符^
2. rummage /ˈrʌm.ɪdʒ/  
to search for something by moving things around carelessly and looking into, under, and behind them  
She rummaged in/through all the drawers, looking for a pen.
3. copyleft  
反版权
4. warranty  
保修单  
a written agreement in which a company selling something promises to repair or replace it if there is a problem within a particular period of time  
The television comes with a full two-year warranty.  
Is the car still under warranty?  
5. liability  
	* liability (for something)/ liability (to do something)  
    the state of being legally responsible for something  
    The company cannot accept liability for any damage caused by natural disasters.
	* (informal) a person or thing that causes you a lot of problem  
    Since his injury, Jones has become more of a liability than an asset to the team.
	* the amount of money that a person or company owes  
    The company is reported to have liabilities of nearly $90 000.  
    Our financial advisers will concentrate on minimizing your tax liabilities and maximizing your income.  
6. tarball  
tar压缩包  
7. bounty  
	* (literary) generous actions; something provided in large quantities  
    to thank the Lord for his bounty  
    the bounties of nature
	* [countable] money given as a reward  
    a bounty hunter  
8. irrevocable /ɪˈrevəkəbl/  
不可改变的，不可撤回的  
an irrevocable decision/step  
9. be conditioned on  
前提是...  
used to say that something will happen only if something else also happens  
Payment is conditioned on/upon completion of the project.  
10. hard core  
群体中最活跃、最核心的人，或者最坚定不移，拒绝改变想法的人  
It’s really only the hard core that bother(s) to go to meetings.  
A hard core of drivers ignores the law.  
11. WIP  
work in progress的缩写，可以表示半成品。  
12. back out (of something)  
撤出  
to decide that you are no longer going to take part in something that has been agreed  
He lost confidence and backed out of the deal at the last minute.  
13. throw off  
	* to free oneself from : get rid of  
    threw off his inhibitions
	* emit, give off  
    stacks throwing off plumes of smoke
	* EARN, GENERATE  
    an investment that throws off a sizable income  
	* to confuse or befuddle someone, to cause an amount to be wrong or a person to be confused  
14. bummer ˈbʌmər  
a disappointing or unpleasant situation  
It's a real bummer that she can't come.  
15. freak out  
	* to shock or disorient someone  
	* to panic, to lose control  
    Woah, don't feak out, it's not the end of the world.  
	*  An experience of frightening feelings or hallucinations, especially due to taking a drug.  
	* An experience or scene of unrestrained excitement or irrational behavior.  

## Notes  
记得以前在哪里看到，freak out也有积极的意思，更多的应该表示情绪比较激动，可能积极也可能消极，又上网查了下，有的字典也提到了积极的意思，有待进一步查证。（19/2/27，看起来是这样的，American Heritage Dictionary里有提到兴奋的意思）  
Do you have a table for two?  => Have you got a table for two, please?   
table还有搁置的意思  
We will table that for later.  
我们把那件事留到以后再讨论。  
We haven't been properly introduced.  
我们还没正式认识一下呢。  
以下来自知乎  
It's fine/nice 一般表示还行，不太好。  
sweet, cute, lovely, cool是还行，比上一档好一些  
awesome, amazing, excellent, marvelous, extraordinary, brilliant, spectacular是真的很好  
not bad则根据语气不同，可以表达上面所有的意思
