# 19/3/12
## Dictation  
So that was the early days, and... and I met Steve ~~\*Won \*Deak~~ Wozniak around that time, too, ~~or~~ ~~m~~ Maybe... maybe a little earilier when I was about fourteen, fifteen years old. And we immediately hit *it* off. He was the first person I'd met that knew more about electronic*s* than I did, so I, *I* was... ~~ehh~~ uh, I like ~~Melod~~ him a lot, and he was maybe five years older than I. He... he'd gone ~~out of~~ off to college and got kicked ~~off~~ out for pulling \*pranks and was living with his parents and going to ~~the \*deans~~ De Anza, ~~to~~ the local junior college. So, uhh we became fast friends and started doing projects together.
## New words and phrases
1.  hit it off  
	* to quickly become good friends with someone  
    Look how John hit it off with Mary. Yes, they really hit it off.  
2. kick out  
	* To remove one from a place or expel someone from an organization. In this usage, a noun or pronoun can be used between "kick" and "out."  
    The movie theater kicked out that guy for sneaking food inside.   
    Greg got kicked out of school for fighting.   
	* kick out (at someone or something): to thrust one's foot outward at something  
    The ostrich /ˈɒstrɪtʃ/ 鸵鸟 kicked out at the men trying to catch her.
3. go off to   
	* to leave and go to that place. It emphasizes separation, and is often used to describe a long-term trip or permanent move.
4. pull a prank (on someone)
	* To carry out a trick, deception, or practical joke (against someone)  
    It turns out that the supposed alien visitors that people had been seeing were just a bunch of teenagers pulling a prank on the town.  
5. steadfast /ˈstedfæst/  
	* not changing in your attitudes or aims: steadfast in something  
    He remained steadfast in his determination to bring the killers to justice.
  
## Notes  
以下内容来自知乎  
junior college=社区大学, 大专  
junior college一般为两年学制, 也是读完高中之后去读, 类似国内大专
现在很多美国的junior college都改名为community college了  
fast friends=loyal friends=好朋友  
在这个用法中, fast取steadfast, steady, loyal的意思  
fast的这层意思已经基本很少用了, 偶尔会见到，比如寻梦环游记里有一句hold fast to your dream