# 19/3/20
## Dictation  
We read about emm... we read about the, the story in ~~square~~ Esquire magazine about this guy named Captain ~~Chrunch~~ Crunch, who could supposedly make free telephone calls. You*'ve* heard about this, I'm sure. And we, again we were ~~capatvated~~ captivated. How could anybody do this? And we thought it must be a ~~hocks~~ hoax. ~~and~~ And we started looking ~~into~~ through the libraries, looking for the secret tones that would allow you to do this. And it turned out, we were in Stanford linear ~~accelery~~ accelerator center one night, and way in the ~~bowls~~ bowels of their technical libray, way down at the last bookshelf in the... in the corner bottom rack. We found an AT&T technical journal that layed out the whole thing. And, and ~~as~~ that's another moment I ~~would~~ 'll never ~~forgot~~ forget. *When* we saw this journal we thought, "My god! It's all real." And so we set out to build ~~the~~ a device to make these tones.
## New words and phrases
1.  bowel /ˈbaʊəl/
	* [countable, usually plural] the tube along which food passes after it has been through the stomach, especially the end where waste is collected before it is passed out of the body 肠  
	bowel cancer
	* the bowels of something [plural] (literary) the part that is deepest inside something  
    the bowels of the earth  
2. rack 架子
	* (often in compounds) a piece of equipment, usually made of metal or wooden bars, that is used for holding things or for hanging things on  
    plate/wine/luggage/roof/magazine/vegetable/wire（金属架）/toast（面包架）rack  
3. lay out  
	* to present a plan, an argument, etc. clearly and carefully  
    All the terms and conditions are laid out in the contract.  
	* to spread something out so that it can be seen easily or is ready to use  
    He laid the map out on the table.  
4. hoax /hoʊks/  骗局
	* an act intended to make somebody believe something that is not true, especially something unpleasant  
    The emergency call turned out to be a hoax.
5. captivate /ˈkæptɪveɪt/ 使...着迷
	* [often passive] captivate somebody to keep somebody’s attention by being interesting, attractive, etc.  
    The children were captivated by her stories.  
    Men were captivated by her charm.
  
## Notes  
嗯，这几天都有学英语，虽然不是听写。看了下笔记，从第一次到现在已经接近一个月了，还是要坚持、努力啊。  
hoax, captivate都不认识，听不出来。  
比较惭愧的是accelerator没听出来，journal听了好几遍才想起来，一开始还以为是geral...:hankey:。  
that's一直听的是as。  